fix(html): Specify the default layout for heading elements (#28495)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/heading_elements/index.md

{{HTMLSidebar}}

> The **`<h1>`** to **`<h6>`** [HTML](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML) elements represent six levels of section headings. `<h1>` is the highest section level and `<h6>` is the lowest. All heading elements are block-level by default.

Reviewer: suggesting a rephrase and adding some more info:

```suggestion
The **`<h1>`** to **`<h6>`** [HTML](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML) elements represent six levels of section headings. `<h1>` is the highest section level and `<h6>` is the lowest. By default, all heading elements create a [block-level ](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Block-level_content) box in the layout, starting on a new line and taking up the full width available in their containing block.
```

Author: Noted with that @dipikabh. I will get on it right away.
